spm: Mark SPM as deprecated (#8552)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

  The :ref:`MPSL library <nrfxlib:mpsl>` is linked into the build without initialization.
  You cannot use other MPSL features when this option is enabled.

Secure Partition Manager (SPM)
==============================

> * The Secure Partition Manager (SPM), kconfig option :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_SPM`, is now deprecated. It is replaced by Trusted Firmware-M (TF-M) as the supported solution.

Reviewer: This could have a link to TF-M (user guide or kconfig or something)

Reviewer 2: done. Cargo cult copied from elsewhere in this file as I didn't know how to make the link.

> * The Secure Partition Manager (SPM), kconfig option :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_SPM`, is now deprecated. It is replaced by Trusted Firmware-M (TF-M) as the supported solution. For information about TF-M see :ref:`TF-M <ug_tfm>`.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* The Secure Partition Manager (SPM), the Kconfig option :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_SPM`, is now deprecated.
  It is replaced by Trusted Firmware-M (TF-M) as the supported solution.
  For information about TF-M see :ref:`TF-M <ug_tfm>`.
```

Reviewer 4: @mia-ko  please approve when you verify the changes.

  The :ref:`MPSL library <nrfxlib:mpsl>` is linked into the build without initialization.
  You cannot use other MPSL features when this option is enabled.

Secure Partition Manager (SPM)
==============================

> * The Secure Partition Manager (SPM), the Kconfig option :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_SPM`, is now deprecated.
>   It is replaced by the Trusted Firmware-M (TF-M) as the supported solution.
>   For information about the TF-M, see :ref:`TF-M <ug_tfm>`.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* The Secure Partition Manager (SPM), the Kconfig option :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_SPM`, is deprecated.
  It is replaced by the Trusted Firmware-M (TF-M) as the supported trusted execution solution.
  See :ref:`ug_tfm` for more information about the TF-M.
```
